Absolute values were a piece of cake.
Just type the value and see ISIS is gonna spit back in the browser.
Whatever value we chose what about relative values and the first value we're gonna be looking at it
is gonna be the percent of our not for us.
I will go and delete.
So we all gonna get rid of the heading one as well as we're going to head over back to a normal.
And here I'm going to create a new div I'm gonna add some class I'm going to say that this would be
the alternative.
And within the order of let's add another day with the class of inner.
So again the naming is really up to you.
As long as you actually remember by the time you get to see ISIS so far so good.
So we have our HCM holder.
Now I'm gonna head over to the.
And first I'm gonna start styling the inner.
Now for the inner Dave I'm gonna say very simply that I would want with and I would want let's say within
percentage.
So let's start very easy we're gonna say 50 percent so far so good.
After that we would like to look at the height.
So I'm gonna say height.
And again we can do the same thing.
The height is gonna be 50 percent.
Now also in order to see what's happening maybe add some background color.
So would say there's going to be a better color and we're just gonna go with the right one.
Now once I save it nothing happened.
I mean you can jump back to a shooting and now you can probably double check maybe your classes were
not matching.
Maybe I don't know you didn't have enough coffee today but it's not working so either we can yell out
some nasty things towards the screen or we can figure out what is happening where the percentage is.
You see the percentages are gonna depend on the parent element not what is in our case parent element.
We have the inner right and then we have the outer so I would assume that the outer is going to be the
parent and then the inner is going to be the child.
Now let me pick this a little bit and we'll going to ask for the outer also some width and height.
So here I'm going to say for the outer.
Dave I'm gonna be looking for what.
Well first I would like to have somewhere well let's say again we're going to go back to the pixels
and we're gonna say that the West is gonna be fine and pixels and also the height is as well going to
be 500 pixels.
So far so good.
And let's add maybe also a background color and the background is gonna be a little let's say this.
And what do we see.
So we have the outer div that should have the 500 and 500 and then the inner one is gonna be exactly
the half because obviously we went with 50 percent as well as the 50 percent for height.
So now I can see that this is the relative and this is relative to the parent.
So if I'm gonna make this two hundred just so we can understand a little bit easier we should and we
should see that the inner Dave should be hundred by hundred.
Now it is still going to be displayed in the percentages.
However the moment we're gonna be changing these values the two hundred or two hundred.
Also the width of the inner one is also gonna change.
Now we can also change it by just changing the percentages.
We're not limited to 50 percent by any means.
So if I'm going to say the West is gonna be hundred percent now my waist is gonna be hundred percent
of this two hundred pixels.
You want more you go girl can do 400.
Now we have the outer one or 400 and again it follows the same principle.
The only thing we need to remember that percentage is we all going to depend on a parent element.